[docs] Actualize docs about registry in product documentation (#18020)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/registry/INTERNAL.md

Registry configuration via the `deckhouse` moduleConfig during DKP cluster bootstrap is not supported.

### Cluster installation limitations

The following restrictions apply when installing a cluster:

- DKP cluster bootstrap is only supported in the `Direct` and `Unmanaged` modes (`Local` and `Proxy` modes are not supported). Registry settings during cluster installation are configured via the [`deckhouse` ModuleConfig](/modules/deckhouse/configuration.html#parameters-registry).
- To launch a cluster in the non-configurable `Unmanaged` mode (Legacy), registry parameters must be specified in [`initConfiguration`](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/api/cr.html#initconfiguration-deckhouse-imagesrepo).

### Operating conditions restrictions

> The [`registry`](/modules/registry/) module works under the following conditions:

Author: ```suggestion
To use the internal registry in DKP, the following conditions must be met:
```
